Now one of the major advantages of the YOLO framework is its speed.
In contrast to other methods,
it only makes a single pass through the neural network,
hence the name, You Only Look Once,
or YOLO for short.
When you compare YOLO to its peers,
the results are quite decent actually.
Also you can download a set of pre-trained weights directly from the developers,
and use it right out of the box and it works.
In this section, we will take a look at the workflow of YOLO.
What you will learn is, you will learn how to initialize the parameters,
prepare the model and the data structures,
run the actual forward pass through the network,
and finally do some post processing of the results.
This will not be a deep dive here,
we only want to use YOLO as a means to an end.
We need bounding boxes around vehicles,
and this is what we will get from the network.
Now let's see how this actually works.